# 2022-12-07 Group Project Client Meeting

## Present Today
- [X] Rishi (Product Owner)
- [X] Simon (Scrum Master)
- [X] Leo (Technical Lead)

## Meeting Location
- HPC 1102

## Today's Actions

1. Meeting with client for further requirements.
2. Show case of the user story broad.
3. Low fid UI design discussion. 

## Task and Q&A Records
Q1. How many roles in the system is needed?
A1. There are Admin, moderator, professional surveyor, and general user.

Q2. Duty and permission of the role?
A2. Admin have all the system action permission, moderator can approval or reject the survey list,
professional surveyor can input formal information to the database directly, 
general user can upload can submit data but need to wait for further approval. 
All the input data need to have the resource record such as input by who and what his /her role.

Q3. About the app device
A3. web app and responsive web page is preferred.

Q4. The way to response the user action?
A4. Using the app alert or notification are accepted.

Q5. About the game and score for the user
A5. The user will get a point or score after the submit is approval instead of before.

Q6. Any special feature is needed?
A6. No

Q7. Is that TSV is a must?
A7. The file is require to open with most of kind spreadsheet software, and some of the user is prefer to use TSV format.

Q8. Who can download the TSV survey records?
A8. Admin can download and view all of the records, and the user can only download the record that belong to himself.

## Impediments (Problems)
1. Need improve the admin role functions.
2. Redesign the database structure for the further action requirement.
3. Some functions can be merge for a clear view.

## Future Actions
--

## What we learned (Knowledge)
1.The use of the data records.
2.What kind of role will appear in the system.
3.How to build up a better SDLC planning.

## Other
1. Next action event will be on first client meeting 2022-1-19
