# 2023-01-11 Group Project Meeting with client

## Present Today
- [X] Rishi (Product Owner)
- [X] Simon (Scrum Master)
- [X] Leo (Technical Lead)

## Client
- [X] Ivy

## Meeting Location
- ADC 310

## Today's Actions

1. Presentation of the demo.
2. Go through the UI and UX.
3. Getting feed back from the client.

## Task to do
1. Present the front-end.
2. Showing the function of the demo
3. Present the interaction of the back-end and the front-end
4. Let client to try out the demo.
5. Peer testing with other member.

## Impediments (Problems)
1. sorting with name also, in the user dashboard
2. inserting the tree tag, will have the choose of color and more common tag
3. the prev button and the next button should be at the lower
4. the step nav will be disable when finish
5. the change of the pic size for the crown turning 
6. detail of the rating page , can explain what to 1 -5 , may be adding 
7. the change of the range bar, change to other ICON
8. the preview of the submit, and can see what have submit
9. the engagement of uploading the information and where to show their point
10. user can check out all the approval post
11. and can see all the approval post of specify tree, specify location
12. show more information in the page
13. adding some photo for the latest trees on the front page to attractive
14. drag and drop of the file upload
15. the admin account is be given
16. webapp offline issue
17. font size, and the font is consistence
18. user role's moblie UI need to be change the scroll
19. adding userId and user name in the dashboard survey records list
20. make some constrain of the user input can not be null
21. main page need more colorful
22. sorting by time


## Future Actions
--

## What we learned (Knowledge)
1.UI improvement
2.What UX the client prefer.
3.Co-working processing.

## Other
1. Next group project homework submition 2023-1-19
