ProjectDocs/ProjectPlan.md, before:

# <div align="center">PROJECT PLAN</div>

### PROJECT VISION
To realize our client's goals in developing and implementing a Natural science survey system with an initial focus on the surveying and data retrieval of various tree species. The new system aims to replace the current antiquated paper-based recording and the problems that arise with manual data entry. 

Our vision is to enable key stakeholders, namely, researchers and the general public, a sense of pride and love of nature surrounding Hong Kong's diverse flora.

### LIST OF NON TECHNICAL OBJECTIVES
- Ensure the delivery of a high-quality system within the project scope.
- To create massive productivity gains over the current implementation.
- Create secure & privacy-compliant software that meets local regulatory and ethical standards.
- Create a visually compelling, easy to use and learn interface based on client feedback
- To increase adoption and usage of the software through gamification.


## INTIAL REQUIREMNTS MODEL  ( USER STORIES, USE CASE , LINKS TO UML)
User story/use case

UML - Diagram LEO

## SPRINT PLAN (TRELLO?) - SIMON
...

## RISK MANAGAMENT PLAN - LEO
- what are the risks?

## COMMUNICATION PLAN - 

- how we communicate  with the client
-  how we communicate with each other

Commit message:

update the risk management info
risk and the solutions

Signed-off-by: Leo Xie <46647872+leoxie838@users.noreply.github.com>

ProjectDocs/ProjectPlan.md, after:

# <div align="center">PROJECT PLAN</div>

### PROJECT VISION
To realize our client's goals in developing and implementing a Natural science survey system with an initial focus on the surveying and data retrieval of various tree species. The new system aims to replace the current antiquated paper-based recording and the problems that arise with manual data entry. 

Our vision is to enable key stakeholders, namely, researchers and the general public, a sense of pride and love of nature surrounding Hong Kong's diverse flora.

### LIST OF NON TECHNICAL OBJECTIVES
- Ensure the delivery of a high-quality system within the project scope.
- To create massive productivity gains over the current implementation.
- Create secure & privacy-compliant software that meets local regulatory and ethical standards.
- Create a visually compelling, easy to use and learn interface based on client feedback
- To increase adoption and usage of the software through gamification.


## INTIAL REQUIREMNTS MODEL  ( USER STORIES, USE CASE , LINKS TO UML)
User story/use case

UML - Diagram LEO

## SPRINT PLAN (TRELLO?) - SIMON
...

## RISK MANAGAMENT PLAN - LEO
- what are the risks?
- IP attack
- data tamper
- data transfer tapping
- sql injection
- data interception
- service go down
- what are the solutions?
- network VPC for the service group
- k8s monitoring service
- ACL for the data access service
- WFA
- cloudfare
- web server fire wall
- security group for the APIs service
- data encryption
- https, wss, TLS
- token for the APIs calling 
## COMMUNICATION PLAN - 

- how we communicate  with the client
-  how we communicate with each other
